{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red211\green215\blue218;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c86089\c87269\c88230;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx3\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Beta Log\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Initial (0.0.0.0)\
-Added Setari. (UB and Fatal UB)\
 -Get new SPOs from the BBS. (BellyBound Store)\uc0\u8232 \
0.1.0.0\
-Added Kumi. (OV and AV, Fatal and Safe)\
-Added Mia. (OV Fatal)\
-Extended Setari's animation.\
-Added custom statuses and their respective icons for Setari.\
-New effects: \
 -Dissolve\
 -Rapid Heal\
 -Enriched\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 0.1.1.0\
-Kumi corrections.\
-Refined Kumi's animation.\
-New lines for the SPOs.\
-Added an escape animation to Setari.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 0.1.1.1\
-New sounds and lines for Mia and Setari.\
-Added lines for different stages of digestion.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 0.2.0.0\
-Added Taji. (OV Slow Fatal)\
-Added sounds for Kumi.\
-Added the Nomikonda sign.\
-New effect: Slow Burn\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 0.2.1.0\
-Taji sprite correction.\
-Mia sprite correction.\
-Kumi sprite correction.\
-New lines for all SPOs.\
-Sound hotfix.\
-Closed up possible loopholes in the SPO lines.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 0.3.0.0\
-Added Samira. (UB, OV, and Tail, all Fatal)\
-Added a new animation to all the previous SPOs.\
-Tweaked and extended animations.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 0.3.0.1\
-Tweaked the sprites.\
-Fixed sounds.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 0.3.1.0\
-Extended the animations for Samira.\
-Tweaked the sprite for Samira.\
-Added a weight gain feature.\
-Updated AV Kumi's sprite.\
-New struggle animation for Mia.\
-New lines for these new animations.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 0.3.2.0\
-Tweaked Samira's animation to be more lively.\
-Added fully custom icons to Kumi, Mia, Taji, and Samira.\
-Edited Setari's icon to be completely unique.\
-Revised the Slow Burn status icon.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 0.3.3.0\
-New effect: Sami Savor.\
-Replaced normal digestion for Samira.\
-New burp sound and code for Samira.\
-Revised the Churn icon to mimic a womb.\
-Edited the burp animation for Samira to closely mimic the sound.\
-Added a few missing pixels to and tweaked Samira's UB animation.\
-Added more lines to UB Samira.\
-Corrected a few frames to AV Kumi.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.0.0.0\
-New NPCs.\
-Added Renii as an NPC.\
 -Renii is a Prey NPC that has a Normal and Digest variant. Summon the tenant according to appropriate tags. (Avali Mod is required to spawn her.)\
-Added Renii's suit.\
-Instructions for the Renii tenant:\
 -24 Avali\
 -1 Prey\
 -(1 Digest) Opt.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.0.0.1\
-Corrected and added lines to Renii.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.0.1.0\
-Added the Kirikiri Pie Plate as a key to spawn the Renii tenant. (She loves that stuff!~)\
-Reduced the Avali furniture boxes needed from 24 to 12.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.0.1.1\
-Rewrote the description for the Kirikiri Pie item.\
-Added an Avali description.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.1.0.0\
-Revised a few frames of Mia's animation.\
-Added a new version of Mia. (Non-Fatal)\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.2.0.0\
-Added the Samantha NPC. A.K.A: Sammy, Sam.\
 -Sammy is a Pred and a Prey, depending on tags. Both Normal and Digest variants are available.\
-Added uniqueness to the NPC. She isn't gonna let you out as easily as other NPCs.~\
-Instructions for the Samantha tenant:\
 -The X Badge is the key.\
 -10 Human\
 -1 Prey/Pred\
 -(1 Digest) Opt.\
-Revised a few frames on Setari's animation.\
-Added the After Phase on Setari.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.2.0.1\
-Fixed a few lines for Samantha.\
-Added missing Swallow lines for full immersion.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.2.1.0\
-Went through and did some major fixes to alleviate the jankiness.\
 -Sam got her lines completely fixed up.\
 -Samira has a few pixels corrected.\
 -Renii has more lines.\
 -Rerouted files to alleviate confusion.\
 -Added Kumi and Mia plushies as tags for Renii.\
 -Reclassified some objects in rarity.\
-Added the Set Pod!\
 -The Set Pod is a BBS type separate from the main mod. \
 -It is where you can find the furniture and SPOs I have added so far.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.2.1.1\
-Added an animation to the Set Pod.\
-Added lines to the plushies to make them talkative. (Can't eat ya... sry.)\
-Kumi Plush tag recategorized as Sam's alternate tag instead of Renii's.\uc0\u8232 \
1.2.1.2\
-Overhauled Kumi's and Taji's sprites.\
-Removed two unnecessary frames from Kumi's animation.\
-Remastered various stat icons. (Now we are getting uber lewd...~)\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.2.1.3\
-Added more signs, such as the Knot Hole Sign and a... Lewd sign...~\
-Added a second stage to Taji and renamed the object itself as 'taji' instead of 'avalipoledancerpred.'\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.3.0.0\
-Minor sprite changes.\
-Added the first animated remake: Chubby Avian.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.4.0.0\
-Kumi's functions has changed with brand new lua.\
 -Now has the chance to perform either OV OR AV.\
 -Now can spit you out of his mouth or eject you out of his tailhole by chance.\
-Refined animations for Kumi. Now he isn't as static!\
-Removed Kumi's original versions.\
-Slight sprite corrections on other SPOs\
-Sprite update for the Chubby Avian.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.5.0.0\
-Added Samira as a HSPO. (TLV/OV specific)\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2  -New Hybrid Standard Predatory Object (HSPO) classification\
-Re-introduced Kumi's original variants as legacy items.\
-Listed Kumi's newest version as a HSPO.\
-Removed OG sale price for Legacy Kumi and Samira. Now they are crafted at the BBS.\
 -Requires the respective hybrid SPO.\
-New Mouth release animation for Samira!\
-Added a Stomach Sign.\
-Colored the name of the Set Pod to put it at the top.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.5.1.0\
-Major code corrections to HSPO Samira.\
-New HSPO Samira inventory icon.\
-Edited animations to be more realistic.\
-Recipe corrections.\
-Added a new sound for Samira's mouth exit.\
-Enlisted names for updates.\
-Replaced the normal savor for the Chubby Avian with a variation of Slow Burn.\
-Replaced icon description for both variants of Slow Burn.\
-Replaced the Chubby Avian icons.\
-Tweaked the Chubby Avian spritesheet.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.6.0.0\
-A brand new vendor to sell consumables, called the Microsphere\
 -It is a machine that produces micros of any kind that you can eat.\
 -These micros have two variants, Normal and Crunchy.\
  -Normal implies you swallow them whole (Soft Vore)\
  -Crunchy implies you chomp on them (Hard Vore)\
-A new sign to show how I feel about such hotfixes. It's pretty bad.\
-Tweaked sprites.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.6.1.0\
-Tweaked the Chubby Avian lines.\
-Gave the regular a new status, Slow Heal.\
-Tweaked the image alterations of some signs.\
-Changed various stat descriptors.\
-Changed up a few sign icons.\
-Gave the Set Pod a new animation and sprite.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.7.0.0\
-Changed up the Samira HSPO a bit.\
-Changed the animations of the original Samira SPOs to match the quality of the current HSPO.\
-Changed the lines of the original Samira SPOs to differentiate from the current HSPO.\
-Changed the anims on Setari.\
-New throat state for Setari.\
-Changed the unique digestion icons for Setari.\
-Got around to naming the Chubby Avian.\
 -She is now named Eris from here.\
-Revised a few frames on Eris.\
-Gave Eris a few more lines.\
-Shrunk the belly a little on Eris.\
-Removed the names and revised version numbers.\
-Added a new Stomach Block.\
-Added Alt Lee-Zha.\
-Added Alt Flesh Valve.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.7.1.0\
-Slight sprite changes.\
-Revamped the stomach pic.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.8.0.0\
-Added a Seiyama NPC. She is also known as Sei.\
 -Sei is a Pred. Both Normal and Digest variants are available.\
 -Like Sam, she won't let you out easily.\
-Instructions for the Seiyama tenant:\
 -The Blue Bottle is the key.\
 -10 Human\
 -(1 Digest) Opt.\
 -Any vore tagged object\
-Made Eris' animations longer.\
-Slight edits to Eris' animation\
-Fixed up Kumi's animation.\
-Added a custom digest icon for Kumi.\
\
-Added a UB stage to the Samira HSPO!\
 -To unlock the UB stage, one must be digested first.\
-Changed Samira's UB stat icon.\
-Original UB version is no longer at the Set Pod. It now must be crafted at the BBS.\
-To alleviate confusion, a new digestion icon has been added for this variant of Samira.\
-Updated every Samira animation to remove the navel for consistency.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.9.0.0\
-Finally added a crafting window for the Set Pod!!\
-Resprited the Set Pod.\
-Added a sound to the Set Pod.\
-Added a Bloom animation to the Set Pod.\
-The original SPOs are now at the Set Pod.\
\
-Added an AV sequence to HSPO Samira!\
-Made Slow Melt show up properly.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.9.1.0\
-Edited Sei's lines to match her raunchy personality.\
-Separated the Read Me and Changelog into their separate files.\
-Renii no longer has the Avali tag. It has been replaced with the Astro tag.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.9.1.1\
-Fixed the Sei tenant. There was a missing comma I overlooked.\
-Changed Sei's lines to ensure that she isn't a copy of Sam.\
-Added a codex that denotes what each object can do!\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.9.1.2\
-Made a recipe for the codex.\
-Edited the codex to include Set as a mascot.\
-Set's sprite is updated. She now has more of a shine to her.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.9.1.3\
-Polished Eris' sprite.\
-Added a blink to Eris.\
-Added sound indicators for Eris.\
-Balanced the digestion times.\
-Made more frames for Eris, of which is the Alt Phases.\
-Slowed Eris' digestion.\
-Hastened Mia's digestion.\
-Made minor sentence corrections.\
-Added lines to HSPO Samira.\
-Changed the recipes of the HSPOs.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.9.1.4\
-Made new icons for the tabs in the Set Pod.\
-Credited Sheights in the main codex.\
-Added a new stat, though it may remain unused for a while...\
-Edited various lines between both versions of Sei to differentiate.\
-Edited various object lines.\
-Heavily changed Eris' safe lines.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.9.1.5\
-The digested frame for Eris has changed to be slightly chubbier.\
-Mia's variants have been cleared of typos.\
-The Safe version of Mia now has just one phase.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.10.0.0\
-Transformed Eris into the third HSPO.\
-Edited the Codex to accommodate these changes.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.10.0.1\
-Removed unused sounds to prevent bloating.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.10.0.2\
Several changes have been made.\
\
-Changed the rarities of every item and object.\
-Removed the Dormant and Bloom states of the Set Pod.\
-Corrected the positioning of the Vari Shock Bottle.\
-Relabeled SPOs as such.\
\
Lee-Zha\
-Now has a different description for each part.\
\
Eris\
-Now has a struggle animation.\
-Corrected the way Eris says her lines.\
\
Setari\
-Sprite has been improved overall!\
-Descriptions were changed.\
-Now gives a soaked effect.\
-New struggle animation.\
\
Samira\
-No more separate versions.\
-New struggle animation.\
-Sprite improved overall.\
\
Sei\
-Sei's head sprite has changed.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.10.0.3\
-Fixed game-breaking bugs involving a lua path.\
-Changed up the digestion times for Samira.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.10.0.4\
-Adjustment of sprites and lines.\
-Adjusted the chance factor of AV and OV for Eris.\
-Adjusted Setari's digestion times.\
-Eris' effects expire into droolsoaked.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.10.1.0\
-Taji's lines have been reworked.\
-Taji's animations have been extended and more were added.\
-Taji's effects now act faster and expire into droolsoaked.\
-Added a new texture layer to Lee-Zha.\
-Set the render layer of Lee-Zha to be 1 higher than the player's.\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 -Fixed up the flesh valve's animation.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.10.1.1\
-Reduced mod size by reverting to the original sounds.\
-Revised the Knot Hole sign.\
-Added a Pirate Bay sign.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.10.1.2\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 -Edited some of Eris' frames.\
-Fixed a miscolored pixel on Kumi's sprite. (Should've been corrected from the start)\
-Gave the SPOs' saliva proper colors.\
-Fixed the border around the Knot Hole Sign.\
-Resprited the Nomikonda Sign.\
-Made a new insignia, the Heart of Desire.\
-Further removed duplicate sounds.\
-Recolored the crafting interface.\
-Finally gave racial descriptions to objects that have them!\
-Revised and deleted outdated lines on the SPOs.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.10.1.3\
-Gave the status icons revamps.\
-Removed unused statuses.\
-Eris' frames are more organized, and she is more animated!\
-Eris is now able to belch after digesting, similar to Samira.\
-Taji's icon has changed.\uc0\u8232 \
\uc0\u8232 1.10.2.0\
\
This mod is now somewhat independent from SSVM!\
-Progress will be made in time with the inclusion of the projectiles.\
\
-Corrected the categories of the SPOs.\
-Slight icon edits.\
-Consolidated a lot of the status effects.\
-Made the Set codex craftable.\
-Resprited the Kumi HSPO.\
-Crafting tab icons are revamped.\
\
Removals\
-Removed the original Kumi recipes. Reasoning being the HSPO version will render the originals outdated. The originals will be removed.\
-Rendered the Legacy edits of Kumi non-interactive.\
-Removed the Lee-Zha recipes. This is due to respecting the wishes of the OC creator.\uc0\u8232 \
\uc0\u8232 1.11.0.0\
\
ProdSet is now modular! WIP of the NPC module in progress!\
\
-Removed the legacy variants of Kumi.\
-Eris' sprite had a few stray pixels.\uc0\u8232 \
\uc0\u8232 1.12.0.0\
\
The NPC Module has been fused back into the mod, now invoking a dependency.\
\
-Removed the flesh walls, stomach block, and valve recipes, as they were add-ons to Lee-Zha. You can still spawn them in.\
-Slight changes to the SPOs.\
-Readded and revamped "Droolsoaked"\
-Several effects now use Droolsoaked when the effect of being inside some SPOs ends.\
-Slight resprite to some icons.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 Public Log\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.0.0.0\
-General tweaks.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 1.0.1.0\
-Mia's anim has been completely revamped!\
-Samira anim revamped a bit.\
-Eris' stat sprite has been recolored to match her internals!\
-Eris has some lines removed and one line added.\
-Icon sprites of each SPO has been revamped!\
-Taji's Sprite has been improved!\
-Due to potential conflict with the Stomach Block, it has been cut from the mod.\
-Alt Lee-Zha has been cut from the mod as to respect the creator's wishes, same status as the original.\uc0\u8232 \uc0\u8232 \strokec4 1.0.1.1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec4 -Samira's anim changes have been reversed. \
-Samira's lines have more tildes.\strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \
\strokec4 1.0.1.2\
-Added Mia\'92s squelch sound to both iterations of the Eris SPO.\
-Removed the samey sounds to free up space.\
-Finally resprited the Microsphere!\strokec2 \
\pard\tx710\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 1.0.1.3\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 -Added an 18+ sign\
-Added a nesting folder to contain the Alt Lee-Zha Addon.\
\
}